Q1 -> What is a protocol stack, and how is it used in web development?

    A protocol stack is a set of rules that enable devices connected on the internet to communicate with each other securely and efficiently.
    All these stacks are built on top of each other which handle trasfer of data using physical connections
    to securely transferring the data with encryption and everything in between.
    Link layer > Network Layer > Transport Layer > Application Layer are the individual layers.
    Link layer connects your device to the internet using ethernet or wirelessly.
    Network layers helps find your device by assigning a unique ip address.
    Transport layer decides how data packets will be transferred. accurately and slowly using TCP(chat messages) or fastly and unreliably using UDP(video calls).
    Application layer has multiple protocols depending on functionality from HTTP and TLS to FTP etc.


Q2 -> What are the different types of web servers, and how do they differ in terms of functionality and performance?

    There are multiple types of web servers like DNS servers, File servers, Email server, Database server.
    performace is dependent on their functionality as they all serve different types of resources.


Q3 -> What is web hosting, and what are the different types of hosting services available for websites?

    Web hosting is storing your website in a machine connected to internet (server) and making it accessible for users.
    Shared, VPS, Dedicated, Cloud are the most popular ways of hosting your website.


Q4 -> What is scaling, and why is it important for web applications? How does scaling differ for vertical and horizontal scaling?

    scaling refers to the ability to handle more users, network requests etc as the popularity of the application increases.
    it ensures the website is fast and reliable even during high traffic scenarios.
    vertical scaling is improving the resources of the server either by increasing cpu, ram or storage etc of said machine.
    horizontal scaling is simply adding more machines to handle the load instead of improving the machine.


Q5 -> What is SEO (Search Engine Optimization), and how can web developers optimize their websites for better search engine rankings? 
    
    seo is the process of developing your website such that it ranks higher on search engines and get more visibility.
    there are multiple factors on which seo rank is decided and we have to optimise on all specially the ones with higher weightage.
    parameters like loading time, keywords, mobile friendly, backlinks etc are some of the common ones but there a lot more.